---
layout: default
permalink: /
---

## [Canvas (Sauder) Semester Prep >>](canvas-saud-semester-prep)

Given a term id and account id(s), output a csv that summarizes all Canvas courses that fall under that category.

## [Canvas Batch Change Dates >>](canvas-batch-change-dates)

Batch change the start and end dates for courses listed in a CSV.

## [Canvas Get Group CSV >>](canvas-get-group-csv)

Canvas Get Group CSV is a Jupyter Notebook and Python application that is used to extract a csv file of group names and associated student user IDs in any Canvas course.

## [Canvas Peer Reviews >>](canvas-peer-reviews)

Canvas Peer Reviews is a Jupyter Notebook and Python script that works with Canvas LMS Data to create formatted .csv tables containing peer review data. Upon providing the necessary inputs, the notebook will produce two .csv files in the "peer_review_data" folder (in the project's root directory). The data tables will provide an overview of all assigned peer reviews for a given assignment - including all students who've been assigned as assessors, who they are assessing and the results of any completed assessments.

## [Canvas Quiz Response PDFs >>](canvas-quiz-response-pdfs)

Canvas Quiz Response PDFs is a Jupyter Notebook and Python application that pulls quiz data from Canvas to create PDF documents containing student answers to essay questions.

## [Canvas Subaccount Movement >>](canvas-subaccount-movement)

Canvas Subaccount Movement is a Jupyter Notebook and Python script that moves any Sauder course into a specific Canvas sub-account. Upon providing the necessary input, the script will locate the appropriate sub-account, migrate the course to it, and produce a CSV file detailing the courses and the sub-accounts.
